don't don't don't
stop
hey what's up sugar of brownie and we're
here back with the owner of this
beautiful 1959 chevy impala and it's
girag g rock i did not know that you
rolled like this tell me about it that's
right my pride and joy the 59 chevy
impala and it's mine all mine all mine I
I work on my car like a work on my music
man I'm telling you man I don't want the
good deals got the rims chromed it out
everything man you know I'm saying I
mean decked it out all the waiting from
top to bottom a minute y'all okay now I
got to say this is a beautiful color
that you have on here check out the
color but I gotta ask you what was the
original color of the car um you know
what I'm not really the owner of the car
the owners inside the club but I just
want to let you know about saturday
night that goes down that deer makes me
big baby meme out it goes down saturday
nights do you make like I got here you
know I go because you're over here
promoting yourself on DMX TV about being
here on Saturday well I just got to say
that this car is a beautiful 1959 and
the owner is inside the club so if you
want your car to be on DMX TV as the car
of the week come here and check it out
I'll see you next week